?- start.

Welcome to the Journey of a Dead Star!

In this game, you will embark on an adventure to save your home planet using the unique abilities of characters.
Choose your character and start your journey.



Characters: einstein, hawking, curie, newton, galileo, or darwin.
You can switch between characters at any point, but each character can only be used once, so "chose wisely".
You only have SEVEN STEPS to save your plant
Each character possesses unique abilities that you can use to overcome challenges and save the planet.



Instructions:
End every command with a dot {.}
To chose a character, type character_name. e.g., {einstein.}


Watch out Captain!!  You have received a message from your alien buddies about an asteroid marching your way, threatening to disrupt your planet. What do you wanna do? 
Hint: You may need to explore farther than usual to give you a head start!!!


Which character would you like to choose?
|: galileo.
You have chosen galileo
Abilities for galileo:
telescopic_vision - Grant enhanced vision, allowing to see distant objects or uncover hidden details.
planetary_insights - Provide insights into celestial mechanics, guiding in navigating space.


Which skill of Galileo would you like to use?
1. Telescopic Vision
2. Planetary Insights
|: 1.

Solved!! You found out the coordinates of the asteroid! Galileo's Telescopic Vision saved the day!



Welcome to the second challenge!
Good start!  You have encountered an asteroid but it is pacing up!!! Hurry!!!
Hint: You may need to slow down the time to give you a head start!!!


Which scientist would you like to choose?
|: einstein.
You have chosen einstein
Abilities for einstein:
time_dilation - Manipulate time, slowing it down or speeding it up.
space_distortion - Create distortions in the fabric of space, altering the environment.


Which skill of Einstein would you like to use?
1. Time dilation
2. Space distortion
|: 1.

Solved! Challenge two completed! Einstein's skill to time dilation saved the day!!


Welcome to the third challenge!
The asteroid was slowed down! But it is majestic!!
Hint: See if someone can help you out to gain strength!!!


Which scientist would you like to choose?
|: newton.
You have chosen newton
Abilities for newton:
newtonian_mechanics - Grant enhanced physical abilities, such as increased strength or agility.
gravity_manipulation - Manipulate gravitational forces, creating gravitational wells.


Which skill of Newton would you like to use?
1. Newtonian Mechanics
2. Gravity Manipulation
|: 1.

Challenge three completed!!! Newton's skill to Newtonian Mechanics made you stronger enough!!!


Welcome to the fourth challenge!
The asteroid was slowed down and you are stronger than ever but you may need more clues!!
Hint: See if someone can help you out with solving quantum challenges!!


Which scientist would you like to choose?
|: hawking.
You have chosen hawking
Abilities for hawking:
quantum_insights - Perceive hidden clues or bypass quantum-based challenges.
black_hole_manipulation - Manipulate gravitational fields or harness Hawking radiation.


Which skill of Hawking would you like to use?
1. Black Hole Manippulation
2. Quantum Insights
|: 2.

Solved!! Hawking's skill on Quantum Insights saved the day!

Now you know everything about the asteroid thanks to Hawking!
Hint: You should know what to do!! Become the destroyer!!


Which scientist would you like to choose?
|: curie.
You have chosen curie
Abilities for curie:
radiation_detection - Detect and analyze radiation sources, uncovering hidden secrets.
chemical_expertise - Synthesize compounds or concoct solutions to chemical puzzles.


Which skill of Curie would you like to use?
1. Radiation Detection
2. Chemical Expertise
|: 2.

Hurray! Game over!! You saved your planet! Congratulations!!!
true.

?- 